- REDUX TOOLKIT
- <code>npm init --yes to create package.json</code>
- <code>npm i @reduxjs/toolkit</code>
- slice is a redux toolkit convention and we are not appending it because a slice of cake seems appropriate. the entire application state is split into slices and managed individually
- <code>const createSlice = require('@reduxjs/toolkit').createSlice</code>
- createSlice will automatically generate action creators with the same names as the reducer functions we have written. ordered and restocked. we don't have to type it by hand.
- we don't have to explicitly return new state in toolkit
- we can directly mutate the state in toolkit
- instead of createStore we use configureStore
------------------------------------
- Logger for Redux library (npm i redux-logger)
    - middleware: <code>(getDefaultMiddleware) => getDefaultMiddleware().concat(logger)</code>
    - we do this because by default the configure store function adds some middleware to the redux store setup automatically.
    - under the hood ex: <code> => action { type: 'cake/restocked', payload: 3 } </code>, slice name is the first part('cake') and the key of reducer functions are the second part('restocked'). both are separated by a slash
- by default, contrary to redux, reducers from one create slice will only respond to the action types generated by the same slice. if you want a slice to respond to other action types, besides the types it has generated, you'll need to make use of extra reducers.
    - <code> restocked: (state=initialState, action) => {
        state.numberOfIceCream += action.payload
    },</code>
    - altough this approach of adding an extra reducer works, the recomended approach is the same using a build function
    - <code> extraReducers: (builder) => {
        builder.addCase(cakeActions.ordered, state => {
            state.numberOfIceCream--
        })</code>
-------------------
-Async Thunks
    - redux toolkit provides a create async thunk function to implement the creation and dispatching of async actions.
    - <code>const createAsyncThunk = require('@reduxjs/toolkit').createAsyncThunk</code>
    - createAsyncThunk => it will automatically dispatch lifecycle actions based on the returned promise. a promise either pending, fullfilled or rejected.
    - redux thunk is applied as a middleware to the store under the hood
    - redux toolkit installs immer and redux-thunk libraries behind the scenes 
    
             
              